todo.md, before:

# TODO
- [x] Add .overlaps method to Renderables
        
        Make sure you keep in mind that rotations must be taken into account.
  
- [x] Contains must also work with rotations
- [x] Overload methods such as move, moveto, and contains to accept Locations, tuples, and plain x and y
- [x] Dependency injection of PIL, Image resizing, Rotation
- [x] Fix .move and .moveto to work with **kwargs
- [!] Fix .move and .moveto to work with **kwargs for Text (Non-Renderable)
- [x] Add Screen#grab(filename) to take screenshots
- [x] Add type-checks for all methods and constructors
- [x] Add .clone() and .transform() to Renderables (no CustomRenderables)
        
        Will clone shapes, .transform() can clone their transform (width, height, rotation).

- [x] Add more methods for CustomPolygons (.width(), .height(), .border(), etc.)
- [x] Fix `.vertices()` to respond with vertices clockwise from the top-left
- [x] Fix scrollbars on VNC.
- [x] Fix text to properly set height (IMPORTANT!)
- [x] `lookat()` method in Line
- [x] Argument limiting Color
- [x] Add error classes
- [x] Add Lines
- [x] Add Images
- [x] Polygons, regular and non  regular.

Commit message:

Updated LICENSE to GNU GPLv3 (https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/#) Added line `.rotate()`, `.rotation()`, and `.lookat()` methods Created documentation, soon to be  hosted on docs.pydraw.graphics Created compiled version of pydraw available in `compiled/pydraw.py` Updated Line methods to accept keyword arguments, pos1, pos2, or x1, y1, x2, y2 Fixed image rotation for good! Polished!
Began experimenting with custom versions of turtle for optimization!

todo.md, after:

# TODO
- [x] Add .overlaps method to Renderables
        
        Make sure you keep in mind that rotations must be taken into account.
  
- [x] Contains must also work with rotations
- [x] Overload methods such as move, moveto, and contains to accept Locations, tuples, and plain x and y
- [x] Dependency injection of PIL, Image resizing, Rotation
- [x] Fix .move and .moveto to work with **kwargs
- [!] Fix .move and .moveto to work with **kwargs for Text (Non-Renderable)
- [x] Fix image rotation to flicker less and create fewer artifacts
- [x] Fix image coloring. 
- [ ] 
- [x] Add Screen#grab(filename) to take screenshots
- [x] Add type-checks for all methods and constructors
- [x] Add .clone() and .transform() to Renderables (no CustomRenderables)
        
        Will clone shapes, .transform() can clone their transform (width, height, rotation).

- [x] Add more methods for CustomPolygons (.width(), .height(), .border(), etc.)
- [x] Fix `.vertices()` to respond with vertices clockwise from the top-left
- [x] Fix scrollbars on VNC.
- [x] Fix text to properly set height (IMPORTANT!)
- [x] `lookat()` method in Line
- [x] Argument limiting Color
- [x] Add error classes
- [x] Add Lines
- [x] Add Images
- [x] Polygons, regular and non  regular.
